feat: add fortune telling app (#62167)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-fortune-teller-app/68ee6b473452fc4b0071a3da.md

---
id: 68ee6b473452fc4b0071a3da
title: Step 27
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-27
---

# --description--

Now do the same for `multipleCardsBtn` and `newReadingBtn` by attaching a click event listener to `multipleCardsBtn` that calls `multipleCardSelected`, and another to `newReadingBtn` that calls `newReading`.

# --hints--

You should have attached `click` event to the `multipleCardsBtn` element.

```js
assert.match(code, /multipleCardsBtn\s*\.\s*addEventListener\s*\(\s*['"]click['"]/);
```

Inside the multipleCardsBtn callback event you should have called `multipleCardSelected` method.

```js
assert.match(code, /multipleCardsBtn[\s\S]*?addEventListener[\s\S]*?\([\s\S]*?multipleCardSelected\s*\(/);
```

You should have attached `click` event to the `newReadingBtn` element.

```js
assert.match(code, /newReadingBtn\s*\.\s*addEventListener\s*\(\s*['"]click['"]/);
```

> Inside the newReadingBtn callback event you should have called `newReading` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `newReadingBtn` callback event, you should call the `newReading` method.
```
